Pac 1922 fix a11y date time (#837)
ezcater/recipe: .changeset/chilled-panthers-breathe.md

---
'@ezcater/recipe': minor
---

> Fix a11y for Date and Time fields

Reviewer: could we add some more details here? maybe `Accessibility fix: Allow 'Enter' keypresses to open EzField type='datepicker'`

> Accessibility fix: Allow 'Enter' keypresses to open EzField type='date' and type='time'

Reviewer 2: Recipe has a [versioning guide](https://ezcater.github.io/recipe/guides/versioning-and-changelog) to help with changelog descriptions. In this case, I might edit to:
```suggestion
fix: add 'Enter' keypress to open EzField inputs (date, time, select, autosuggest) for better accessibility
```
